Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Once Upon a time there was a man who had two sons.
The younger of the two sons said to his father,
Father, give me my share of the estate now.
The father, who was generous in understanding,
agreed and divided his wealth between his two sons.
Both sons received a share of the estate.
The younger son, who wanted to explore the world,
took his share of the estate and went to a distant country.
There, he spent all his money on reckless living,
enjoying the pleasures of life without thinking about the
future.
He wasted his inheritance on lavish purchases,
which he could not afford if he wanted to live long.
After he had spent everything, a severe famine
arose in that country.
The younger son found himself in need.
He started to work for a citizen of that country,
who sent him to feed pigs.
He was so desperate that he would have gladly eaten the
food that the pigs were eating, but no one gave
him anything.
In his misery, the younger son came to his senses.
He thought, I've got to return home.
How many of my father's hired servants have food to spare?
And here I am starving to death.
I will go back to my father and say to him, Father,
I have sinned against heaven and against you.
I am no longer worthy to be called your son.
Make me like one of your hired servants.
So he got up and went to his father while he was still a
long way off.
His father saw him and was filled with compassion.
He ran to his son, embraced him and kissed him.
The son said to his father, Father, I have sinned
against heaven and against you.
I am no longer worthy to be called your son.
But the Father said to his servants, Quick, bring
the best robe and put it on him.
Put a ring on his finger and sandals on his feet.
Bring the fattened calf and kill it.
Let's have a feast and celebrate, for this son
of mine was dead and is alive again.
He was lost and is found.
So they began to celebrate.
Meanwhile, the older son was in the field.
When he came near the house, he heard music and
dancing.
He called one of the servants and asked what's going on?
The servant replied, Your brother has come home
and your father has killed the fattened calf because he has
him back safe and sound.
The older brother became angry and refused to go in.
So his father went out and pleaded with him.
Look, all these years I have been slaving for
you and never disobeyed your orders.
You never gave me even a young goat so I could celebrate
with my friends.
But when this son of yours who has squandered your property
with prostitutes comes home, you kill the fattened
calf for him.
I'm much better than he is.
I've been the most obedient child you've had,
the father replied.
My son, you are always with me and everything
I have is yours.
This time we had to celebrate and be glad because this
brother of yours was dead and is alive again.
He was lost and now is found.
And you know I love you both equally, don't you?
Well, perhaps, said the oldest son.
So always remember that I love you both equally,
said the father.